# MACRO.OPTIONS

Equivalent to clicking the Options button in the Macro dialog box, which
appears when you click the Macros command (Tools menu, Macro submenu).

**Syntax**

MACRO.OPTIONS(**macro\_name**, description, menu\_on, menu\_text,
shortcut\_on, shortcut\_key, function\_category, status\_bar\_text,
help\_id, help\_file)

Macro\_name&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the name of the macro that you
want to set options for, including the name of the workbook and sheet
containing the macro.

Description&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the description of the macro
displayed in the Macro dialog box.

Menu\_on&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value indicating whether a
menu item is automatically added for this macro. If TRUE, menu\_text
must be specified. If FALSE or omitted, no menu item is added. If the
macro already has a menu item, setting this argument to FALSE removes
the menu item.

Menu\_text&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the text of the menu item to be
added for the macro. Ignored unless menu\_on is TRUE.

Shortcut\_on&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value indicating
whether a shortcut key is assigned to the macro. If TRUE, shortcut\_key
must be specified. If FALSE or omitted, no shortcut key is assigned. If
the macro already has a shortcut key, setting this argument to FALSE
removes the shortcut key.

Shortcut\_key&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the letter of the shortcut key
for the macro. Ignored if shortcut\_key is FALSE.

Function\_category&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of the category
in the Paste Function dialog box that the macro is assigned to.
Categories are numbered starting at 1 for the category at the top of the
list in the Paste Function dialog box.

Status\_bar\_text&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the text displayed in the
status bar when a menu item or toolbar button assigned to this macro is
clicked on. Be sure to enclose the text in quotes.

Help\_id&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the numerical ID for the help topic
associated with this macro and any related menu items or toolbar
buttons.

Help\_file&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the pathname of the help file for
the macro.



Return to [README](README.md#M)

