# OPEN.DIALOG

Displays the standard Microsoft Excel File Open dialog box with the
specified file filters. When the user presses the button specified by
button\_text, the filename the user picks or types in will be returned.

**Syntax**

**OPEN.DIALOG**(file\_filter, button\_text, title, filter\_index)

File\_filter&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the file filtering criteria to
use, as text. For Microsoft Excel for Windows, file\_filter consists of
two parts, a descriptive phrase denoting the file type followed by a
comma and then the MS-DOS wildcard file filter specification, as in
"Text Files (\*.TXT), \*.TXT, Add-in Files (\*.XLA), \*.XLA". Groups of
filter specifications are also separated by commas. Each separate pair
is listed in the file type drop-down list box. File\_filter can include
an asterisk (\*) to represent any sequence of characters and a question
mark (?) to represent any single character. For Microsoft Excel for the
Macintosh, file\_filter consists of file type codes separated by commas,
as in "TEXT,XLA ,XLS4". Spaces are significant and should not be
inserted before or after the comma separators unless they are part of
the file type code.

Button\_text&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the text used for the Open button
in the dialog. If omitted, "Open" will be used. Button\_text is ignored
on Microsoft Excel for Windows.

Title&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;specifies the dialog window title. If
omitted, "File Open" will be used as the default.

Filter\_index&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;specifies the index number of the
default file filtering criteria from 1 to the number of filters
specified in file\_filter. If omitted or greater than the number of
filters present, 1 will be used as the starting index number. The
argument is ignored on Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh.

**Remarks**

  - > To use multiple MS-DOS wildcard expressions within file\_filter
    > for a single file filter type, separate the wildcard expressions
    > with semicolons, as in "VB Files (\*.bas; \*.txt), \*.bas;\*.txt"

  - > If file\_filter is omitted, "ALL Files (\*.\*), \*.\*" will be
    > used as the default in Microsoft Excel for Windows. The default
    > for Microsoft Excel for the Macintosh is all file types.

  - > If the user cancels the dialog box, FALSE is returned.

**Examples**

OPEN.DIALOG("Text Files (\*.TXT), \*.TXT, Add-in Files (\*.XLA),
\*.XLA,ALL FILES (\*.\*), \*.\*","FILE OPENER") opens a file open dialog
box titled "FILE OPENER" with three file filter criteria in the
drop-down list box.

**Related Function**

[SAVE.DIALOG](SAVE.DIALOG.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Displays the standard Microsoft Excel File
[S](S.md)ave As dialog box and gets a file name from the user



Return to [README](README.md#O)

