# OPTIONS.EDIT

Equivalent to clicking the Options command on the tools menu and then
clicking the Edit tab in the Options dialog box. Sets various worksheet
editing options.

**Syntax**

**OPTIONS.EDIT**(incell\_edit, drag\_drop, alert, entermove, fixed,
decimals, copy\_objects, update\_links, move\_direction, autocomplete,
animations)

**OPTIONS.EDIT**?(incell\_edit, drag\_drop, alert, entermove, fixed,
decimals, copy\_objects, update\_links, move\_direction, autocomplete,
animations)

Incell\_edit&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to
the Edit Directly In Cell check box, which if TRUE allows In Cell
Editing. If FALSE, editing directly in cells is not allowed. If omitted,
the dialog box setting is not changed.

Drag\_drop&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to
the Allow Cell Drag And Drop check box, which if TRUE allows drag and
dropping on sheets. If FALSE, drag and drop is not allowed. If omitted,
the dialog box setting is not changed.

Alert&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to the
Alert Before Overwriting Cells check box, which if TRUE displays an
alert message warning you that cells containing values are about to be
overwritten. If FALSE, an alert will not be displayed if your cells are
about to overwritten. If omitted, the dialog box setting is not changed.

Entermove&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to the
Move Selection After Enter check box, which if TRUE moves the selection
after the ENTER key is pressed. If FALSE, the selection is not moved. If
omitted, the dialog box setting is not changed.

Fixed&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to the
Fixed Decimal check box, which if TRUE fixes the decimal place according
to decimals. If FALSE, the decimal places are not fixed. If omitted, the
dialog box setting is not changed.

Decimals&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a number specifying the number of
decimal places. Decimals is ignored if fixed is FALSE or omitted.

Copy\_objects&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; is a logical value corresponding
to the Cut, Copy, And Sort Objects With Cells check box. If TRUE allows
objects to be cut, copied and sorted with their cells. If FALSE, objects
are not cut, copied or sorted with cells. If omitted, the dialog box
setting is not changed.

Update\_links&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to
the Ask To Update Automatic Links check box, which if TRUE will prompt
the user when the workbook is opened that has links to other documents.
If FALSE, the prompt will not be displayed. If omitted, the dialog box
setting is not changed.

Move\_direction&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a number specifying the
direction to move the selection when the ENTER key is pressed and
Entermove is TRUE. Setting this number to 1 moves down one cell, 2 moves
right one cell, 3 moves up on cell, and 4 moves down one cell..

Autocomplete&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to
the Enable AutoComplete For Cell Values check box, which, if TRUE, will
enable the AutoComplete feature of Microsoft Excel 95 and later
versions.

Animations&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value corresponding to
the Provide Feedback With Animation check box, which if TRUE will enable
the worksheet Animations feature of Microsoft Excel 95 and later
versions. Deleted worksheet rows and columns will slowly disappear, and
inserted worksheet rows and columns will slowly appear.

**Related Function**

[OPTIONS.GENERAL](OPTIONS.GENERAL.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Sets various general Microsoft Excel
settings



Return to [README](README.md#O)

