# RANDOM

Fills a range with independent random or patterned numbers drawn from
one of several distributions.

If this function is not available, you must install the Analysis ToolPak
add-in.

RANDOM provides six different random distributions and one patterned
data option. Because the distributions require different argument lists,
there are seven syntax forms for RANDOM.

**Syntax 1**

Uniform distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed, **from,
to**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, from, to)

**Syntax 2**

Normal distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed, **mean,
standard\_dev**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, mean,
standard\_dev)

**Syntax 3**

Bernoulli distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed,
**probability**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, probability)

**Syntax 4**

Binomial distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed,
**probability, trials**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, probability,
trials)

**Syntax 5**

Poisson distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed,
**lambda**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, lambda)

**Syntax 6**

Patterned distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed, **from,
to, step, repeat\_num, repeat\_seq**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, from, to,
step, repeat\_num, repeat\_seq)

**Syntax 7**

Discrete distribution

**RANDOM**(outrng, variables, points, **distribution**, seed,
**inprng**)

**RANDOM**?(outrng, variables, points, distribution, seed, inprng)

Outrng&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the first cell (the upper-left cell) in
the output table or the name, as text, of a new sheet to contain the
output table. If FALSE, blank, or omitted, places the output table in a
new workbook.

Variables&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of random number sets to
generate. RANDOM will generate variables columns of random numbers. If
omitted, variables is equal to the number of columns in the output
range.

Points&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of data points per random
number set. RANDOM will generate points rows of random numbers for each
random number set. If omitted, points is equal to the number of rows in
the output range. Points is ignored when distribution is 6 (Patterned).

Distribution&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;indicates the type of number
distribution.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><blockquote>
<p><strong>Distribution</strong></p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p><strong>Distribution type</strong></p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><blockquote>
<p>1</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Uniform</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><blockquote>
<p>2</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Normal</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><blockquote>
<p>3</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Bernoulli</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><blockquote>
<p>4</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Binomial</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><blockquote>
<p>5</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Poisson</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><blockquote>
<p>6</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Patterned</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><blockquote>
<p>7</p>
</blockquote></td>
<td><blockquote>
<p>Discrete</p>
</blockquote></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Seed&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is an optional value with which to begin
random number generation. Seed is ignored when distribution is 6
(Patterned) or 7 (Discrete).

From&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the lower bound.

To&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the upper bound.

Mean&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the mean.

Standard\_dev&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the standard deviation.

Probability&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the probability of success on each
trial.

Trials&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of trials.

Lambda&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the Poisson distribution parameter.

Step&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the increment between from and to.

Repeat\_num&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of times to repeat each
value.

Repeat\_seq&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the number of times to repeat each
sequence of values.

Inprng&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a two-column range of values and their
probabilities.



Return to [README](README.md#R)

