# SCENARIO.ADD

Equivalent to clicking the Scenarios command on the Tools menu and then
clicking the Add button. Defines the specified values as a scenario. A
scenario is a set of values to be used as input for a model on your
worksheet.

**Syntax**

**SCENARIO.ADD**(**scen\_name**, value\_array, changing\_ref,
scen\_comment, locked, hidden)

Scen\_name&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is the name of the scenario you want
to define.

Value\_array&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a horizontal array of values you
want to use as input for the model on your worksheet.

  - > Any entry that would be valid for a cell in your model can be a
    > value in value\_array.

  - > The values must be arranged in the same order as the model's
    > changing cells. The changing cells are listed in the Changing
    > Cells box in the Scenario Manager dialog box.

  - > If value\_array is omitted, it is assumed to contain the current
    > values of the changing cells.


Changing\_ref&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a reference to cells you want to
define as changing cells for a scenario.

  - > If omitted, uses the changing cells for the last scenario defined
    > for the sheet.

  - > If changing\_ref contains nonadjacent references, you must
    > separate the reference areas by commas (or other list separator).
    > If you are using A1-style references, then you must enclose
    > reference in an extra set of parentheses.


Scen\_comment&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is text specifying a descriptive
comment for the scenario defined by scen\_name.

Locked&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value that corresponds to the
Prevent Changes check box in the Add or Edit Scenario dialogs boxes. If
TRUE or omitted , prevents users from changing values in a scenario. If
FALSE, users are allowed to make changes to the scenario. The locking
will not become enabled until the sheet is protected with the Protect
Sheet command from the Protection submenu on the Tools menu.

Hidden&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;is a logical value that corresponds to the
Hide check box in the Add or Edit Scenario dialog boxes. If TRUE, the
scenario will be hidden from view from the users and will not appear in
the Scenario Manager dialog box. If FALSE or omitted, the scenario will
remain unhidden. The scenario will not become hidden until the sheet is
protected with the Protect Sheet command from the Protection submenu on
the Tools menu.

**Related Functions**

[REPORT.DEFINE](REPORT.DEFINE.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Creates a report

[SCENARIO.GET](SCENARIO.GET.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Returns the specified information about
the scenarios defined on your worksheet



Return to [README](README.md#S)

